Hi, Mystery Recapped here.
Today, I'm going to explain a German-American
psychological thriller mystery film called
"Flight Plan."
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care!
It is a tough night for Kyle Pratt.
Kyle is an American aircraft engineer recently
widowed by the death of her husband in Berlin.
She has to take her husband's body on a flight
to the US with her four years old daughter, Julia
To help her with her anxiety, Kyle takes pills
as prescribed by her doctor.
The next morning, it is snowing outside, a
taxi is waiting for them to take them to the
airport.
While at the airport, Kyle loses Julia; she
panics.
She sees strangers, couples, foreigners, adults.
But nobody kid-sized.
She turns again.
There's Julia, over by a sundries stand.
With an angry tone, she advises her not to
wander around without her permission.
Kyle and Julia will soon board a plane that
Kyle helped design.
They are the first to enter the cabin.
Julia looks out her window.
Then she steams that window up with her breath
and draws a little heart in the steam with
her finger—a tiny, clumsy heart.
Then Kyle takes a nap.
Awakening from her nap, she realizes that
Julia has disappeared from her seat.
Kyle tries to ask other passengers, but none
of the passengers recalls seeing her.
A flight attendant suggests that Julia might
be playing with children of her age.
Kyle walks down the aisle, trying to find
her, but still no sign of Julia.
Kyle continues to look around with an unease
that's beginning to grow.
She rechecks their Row, where they'd fallen
asleep.
She looks under that blanket and finds the
one-armed bear.
But no Julia!
That's weird.
Julia wouldn't go anywhere without her bear.
Then she contacts a flight attendant, Stephanie,
to help her find Julia.
Stephanie agrees to help her and makes an
announcement of a missing child.
A moment later, however, to her surprise,
Stephanie tells her there is no record of
her daughter boarding the flight.
Kyle is confused.
She is very sure her daughter was there with
her, so she tries to prove it by showing her
boarding pass.
However, Kyle is unable to find Julia's boarding
pass.
And she also finds that her daughter's backpack
is missing from the overhead bin, which is
impossible because Julia couldn't have reached
up here by herself; she's not tall enough.
Seeing this situation, a Sky Marshall, Gene Carson, begins to monitor her while she's searching for her daughter
Kyle demands to see the captain, Marcus Rich,
to get him involved in the search for her daughter.
Hearing that there's no record of her daughter
boarding the flight, the captain asks if Kyle
is under any medication right now.
Kyle says that she was taking sleeping pills
to help her with anxiety due to her husband's
death.
Kyle further reveals that her husband died
falling from their roof six days ago, which
she refuses to believe was suicide.
The captain and the other crew members suspect
that Kyle has become unhinged by her husband's
death and has imagined bringing her daughter
aboard.
Kyle insists on looking for Julia from nose
to tail.
Captain Rich reluctantly agrees and orders
the crew members to do a thorough search.
The lights in the cabin are turned on.
An announcement is made to all passengers
not to leave their seats.
Stephanie goes down to the avionics section,
looking around, but still no four-year-old
girls.
While Pratt is busy searching, she sees an
Egyptian.
She confronts him as she recognizes him from
somewhere.
She tries to remember, but her brain's too
scrambled right now.
Kyle then asks the captain to look for Julia
in the cargo hold.
Captain Rich doesn't allow that; and angrily
states that there are hundreds of passengers
on this flight who are NOT receiving any attention
at the moment because all flight attendants
are busy conducting a search for a child that
none of them believe was ever on board.
Kyle doesn't take it well.
She then runs to the Egyptian.
She accuses the man of kidnapping her daughter,
as she now remembers that she saw him last
night, staring into her daughter's bedroom.
The man is annoyed at being accused; then,
he shows proof of receipt of the hotel where
he lived, which is nowhere near her apartment.
Then, chaos ensues.
Kyle forces the man to confess; they fight.
Carson, who is fed up with her behavior, states
that her husband's death makes more sense
now.
A couple of hours with her, and even he is
ready to jump.
Not long after, Captain Marcus receives a
wire from the hospital in Berlin that says
Julia was with her father when he fell off
the roof and also died of internal injuries.
Now, the crew believes she is delusional.
Kyle furiously denies it.
She is very sure that Julia is still alive
and still on the plane.
Carson now feels that Kyle is a threat by
making up such a story, so he handcuffs her
and keeps her in her seat.
A therapist, Lisa, approaches and tries to
console her, causing Kyle to doubt her own
sanity.
She now begins to accept her daughter's death.
However, she then notices that a heart Julia
had drawn earlier on the window next to her
seat is real.
Kyle becomes increasingly convinced that something
weird is going on.
She then convinces the therapist to let her
use the bathroom.
Instead of doing so, she climbs into the upper
compartment and sabotages the aircraft's electronics,
deploying the oxygen masks and interrupting
lighting.
All passengers and crews start to panic, but
Carson realizes that Kyle is the one behind this
She uses the chaos to take a dumbwaiter to
the lower freight deck.
She finds her husband's casket there.
She unlocks David's casket, suspecting Julia
is inside, but finds only her husband's body.
And nothing else.
Carson finds her, puts her in handcuffs, and
escorts her back, announcing that the flight
is making an emergency stopover at Goose Bay
Airport, where she will be taken into custody.
As she's escorted to her seat, one of the
passengers begins to APPLAUD.
The applause spreads, filling the Deck.
Some others are staring at her, including
the Egyptian.
Kyle reaches the back row, where she stops
and sits there.
Kyle makes a final plea to Carson that she
needs to search the plane upon landing.
Carson considers for a moment, then decides
to speak to the captain.
However, instead of speaking to the captain,
he sneaks down to the freight deck.
There, he removes two explosives and a detonator
concealed in David's (Kyle's husband) casket.
He then climbs down to the avionics section
and attaches the explosives to the side of
the platform, revealing Julia, who is sleeping.
At this point, it is revealed that Carson
has been the mastermind behind all of this.
Carson and Stephanie have conspired to hijack
the aircraft for a $50 million ransom and
frame Kyle due to her knowledge of the plane;
they abducted Julia to force Kyle to unlock
the casket where he placed the explosives
and detonator.
Carson tells the captain that Kyle is a hijacker
and threatens to blow up the aircraft unless
the airline transfers $50 million into a bank
account.
Carson then tells an unnerved Stephanie that
he intends to blow up the plane, killing the
unconscious Julia, and leave Kyle dead with
the detonator in her hand.
Kyle still couldn't believe everything that
has happened; she anxiously looks out of the
window as the plane is about to land.
Other passengers are confused because of the
emergency landing.
After landing, the passengers exit the aircraft.
As the captain is leaving, Kyle confronts
the captain, who angrily declares that the
ransom has been paid.
Kyle is confused by this.
Soon, she realizes that all this is Carson's
doing.
He uses the situation to twist the truth and
makes it look as if Kyle is a terrorist.
Realizing this truth, Kyle decides to take
advantage of the role of hijacker, commanding
Carson to remain aboard and the crew to leave.
Carson hesitates, but he realizes that if
he refuses, it would be seen that the charade
would be his.
As soon as the plane's door closes, Kyle knocks
Carson unconscious with a fire extinguisher,
handcuffs him to a rail, and takes the detonator
from his pocket.
Stephanie comes out of hiding.
Carson regains consciousness.
He chases after Kyle; shooting until she locks
herself in the cockpit.
She opens a hatch door to the plane's attic
and throws out a binder to fool him.
Carson hears the upstairs thud and leaves.
Kyle exits and encounters a guilt-ridden Stephanie.
She punches her, who panics and immediately
flees the plane.
Kyle continues to look for her daughter to
the avionics, and she finds Julia there, unconscious.
She immediately hugs her and carries her.
Carson soon follows, and while searching,
reveals that he murdered her husband to smuggle
the explosives inside his casket, knowing
that it would not be scanned at the checkpoint.
Kyle immediately carries Julia into the aircraft's
non-combustible hold, with the detonator in hand
Carson shoots at her as she closes the door.
With the non-combustible walls of the hold
to protect them, she detonates the explosives;
exploding the plane, killing Carson.
The passengers and crew watch the explosion
in shock.
A moment later, Kyle appears with her daughter.
As Kyle carries her daughter out onto the
tarmac, all the passengers are shocked upon
realizing that she had been telling the truth
the whole time.
The next morning, at the airport terminal,
Captain Rich approaches and apologizes to
Kyle for his skepticism.
Stephanie is led away by the FBI in handcuffs,
wherein an agent informs them that the Berlin
mortuary director has also been arrested.
Kyle carries Julia through the crowd of passengers
who realize the truth.
All are stunned and somewhat guilt-ridden
for not believing her.
Before loading her daughter into a van to
take them away, Julia wakes up and sleepily
asks, "Are we there yet?" ,as they get ready
to leave.
The final scene shows the Egyptian passenger
helping to pick up her bag as an act of respect
and forgiveness.
That's the ending of the movie "FLIGHT PLAN'.
Subscribe for more videos like this, turn
on notifications, and leave a like to help
the channel out.
Thank you for watching.